Add Slack broadcast learnings to handbook (#17339)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/marketing/slack-messaging.md

- [Maintenance and incident comms](/handbook/marketing/incident-comms) where customers should be aware of disruption.
- Invitations to betas, events, or programs aimed at existing customers.

> Because every customer sees the same message, keep broadcasts infrequent and high-signal. As a rough guide, **no more than one broadcast every couple of weeks** – it's easy to tip over into spamming people. If a message is only relevant to a subset of accounts, it's usually better to let the account owner share it directly.

Author: ```suggestion
Because every customer sees the same message, keep broadcasts infrequent and high-signal. As a rough guide, **no more than one broadcast every couple of weeks** as it's easy to tip over into spamming people. If a message is only relevant to a subset of accounts, it's usually better to let the account owner share it directly.
```

## Check with Sales before sending

Broadcasts reach live customer and partner channels, and Sales or the TAMs may know of sensitive accounts that should be excluded from a particular comm. Always give them a chance to flag any before you send:

1. Share a brief update in <PrivateLink url='https://posthog.slack.com/archives/C090RCG671C'>#group-cs-sales-support</PrivateLink> describing the comm you're about to send and who it will reach.
2. Allow at least **24 hours** for salespeople and TAMs to respond with any accounts that should be excluded or any other concerns.
3. **Ping more than once.** A single message is easy to miss. Follow up a couple of times, and give a final heads-up with the scheduled send time (e.g. "this is going out at X") so people have a last chance to flag anything.
4. If no feedback is received within that window, go ahead and send - you don't need to wait for explicit sign-off or be blocked.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Pylon broadcasts should be treated like email messages and added to the Marketing Messaging calendar as standard.
```

> 4. If no feedback is received within that window, go ahead and send your comm – you don't need to wait for explicit sign-off or be blocked.

Author: ```suggestion
4. If no feedback is received within that window, go ahead and send - you don't need to wait for explicit sign-off or be blocked.
```

This step is required, but it keeps PMMs unblocked while giving the people closest to our customers a simple way to catch anything sensitive.

### Excluding channels before you send

> Beyond accounts that Sales flags, scan the audience yourself for channels that shouldn't receive the message:

Author: ```suggestion
Beyond accounts that sales or CS flags, scan the audience yourself for channels that shouldn't receive the message:
```

- **Drop legacy and archived channels.** Pylon's audience often includes old or inactive channels. They're usually obvious from the name – exclude them so the message only lands in live channels.

> - **Check for recent negative sentiment.** It's worth quickly scanning shared customer channels (we use the `#posthog-______` naming convention) for any negative sentiment in the last couple of weeks, and manually excluding those accounts. An LLM can do this sweep for you – e.g. ask it to scan the `#posthog-*` channels and surface any negative sentiment from the last two weeks. This usually turns up a handful worth excluding.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Check for recent negative sentiment.** It's worth quickly asking an LLM to scan the `#posthog-*` channels and surface any negative sentiment from the last two weeks. This usually turns up a handful worth excluding.
```

- **Consider excluding people already using the feature.** If the broadcast is nudging people towards something, exclude accounts that already use it – or word the message so it still works for them (e.g. framing it as "in case you missed these features" rather than assuming they haven't seen them).

## How to send a broadcast in Pylon

1. Log into the [Pylon admin](https://app.usepylon.com/) using SSO with your PostHog email address.
2. Find the broadcasts feature in the Pylon UI and create a new broadcast.
3. Select the audience – typically all customer and/or partner Slack channels. Double-check the audience before sending, as the message goes to live customer channels.
4. Write your message. Keep it short, friendly, and link out to the [changelog](/changelog), blog post, or docs for the full detail.

> 5. **Send the message as yourself, not as PostHog.** Pylon lets you choose the sender – sending from a real person feels more personal and gets a better response than a faceless company message.

Author: ```suggestion
5. **Send the message as yourself, not as PostHog.** Pylon lets you choose the sender - sending from a real person feels more personal and gets a better response than a faceless company message.
```
